docs: update uuid-ossp.mdx (#8134)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/database/extensions/uuid-ossp.mdx

Creates a UUID value based on the combination of computer’s MAC address, current timestamp, and a random value.

> **Note**: UUIDs of this kind reveal the identity of the computer that created the identifier and the time at which it did so, which might make it unsuitable for certain security-sensitive applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: UUIDv1 leaks identifiable details, which might make it unsuitable for certain security-sensitive applications.
```

### `uuid_generate_v4()` 

> Creates UUID values based solely on random numbers. We can also use `gen_random_uuid ()`, which too generates a random UUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates UUID values based solely on random numbers. We can also use Postgres's built-in [`gen_random_uuid()`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/functions-uuid.html) function to generate a UUIDv4.
```

## Resources 

> - [The Basics Of PostgreSQL `UUID` Data Type](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-uuid/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Choosing a Postgres Primary Key](https://supabase.com/blog/choosing-a-postgres-primary-key)
- [The Basics Of PostgreSQL `UUID` Data Type](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-uuid/).
```
